Chen Jianlin, what are you doing?
Creek
Why don't you call me Dr. Lai?
Well, I still prefer you to call me Dr. Lai
Here? Why would you do that?
Be careful you know
For you
I used the gentlest form of revenge
If there is a monster, you can only blame him.
Obviously they were all born in the Gu family
But he can eat whatever Gu Yan calls it
I found out later
Just because my mother was a servant
And he, Gu Yan, called his mother
But what is the so-called famous family
So be careful
Love is sure
To the end
Don't you have to die at the hands of the one you love?
We are the same kind of people
Xiaoxi
You are a rabbit that no one wants
Me, too!
We are family
We can't enter the bear world at all
Be careful